Add CVE-2021-33549 exploit for Geutebruck G-CAM (#15488)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/linux/http/geutebruck_instantrec_bof.md

## Vulnerable Application

The following [Geutebruck](https://www.geutebrueck.com) products using firmware versions <= 1.12.0.27, firmware version 1.12.13.2 or firmware version 1.12.14.5:
* Encoder and E2 Series Camera models:
  * G-Code:
    * EEC-2xxx
  * G-Cam:
    * EBC-21xx
    * EFD-22xx
    * ETHC-22xx
    * EWPC-22xx

Many brands use the same firmware:
  * UDP Technology (which is also the supplier of the firmware for the other vendors)
  * Ganz
  * Visualint
  * Cap
  * THRIVE Intelligence
  * Sophus
  * VCA
  * TripCorps
  * Sprinx Technologies
  * Smartec
  * Riva

This module has been tested on a Geutebruck 5.02024 G-Cam EFD-2250 running the latest firmware version 1.12.0.27.

### Description

This module exploits a buffer overflow (CVE-2021-33549) within the `action` GET parameter of /uapi-cgi/instantrec.cgi.

> Successful exploitation will result inremote code execution as the `root` user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successful exploitation will result in remote code execution as the `root` user.
```
